>> Brian Holt: I want to just kind of get
your brains thinking more about how we can
utilize these emotion
components even more.
I hope at your day jobs you think about
some sort of design system, right?
Design systems are the future of CSS and
JavaScript.
At LinkedIn, at Netflix,
at Salesforce, at Amazon,
they have entire teams that all they do is
work on a design system that every other
team in the entire company works on,
right?
So I know some of them have emotion
libraries, so they just export.
It's like, here's a button.
Any time that you need a button,
here's a button that I've already made for
you, right?
So they kind of use these as
design systems themselves.
And I'll kind of get you thinking
a little bit more about that.
I want you to make a new file here.
And I want you to call it colors.js,
lowercase c.
It's not gonna be a component it's just
gonna be a thing that we export from here.
So in here I'm just gonna
say export default,
>> Brian Holt: And my primary color of my
application that the designers
decided on is #ad343e,
but this could be any color, right?
You can put pink there,
you can put papaya whip or Peru,
all of my favorite named colors.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
secondary color here is
going to be #f2af29.
The dark color is going to be #333
which is a nice shade of black.
This one right here, the second,
this is a yellow, this is a red.
And then, light, we're just gonna make it,
you can put white here,
or I just put #000, which is white, okay?
So now I have all these
colors living in one place.
I don't have to copy and
paste them anywhere.
And let's say later you pull an Airbnb and
you decide to switch all of your
colors to a new color scheme.
You just update in one place and
it updates magically throughout
your entire application.
So what's compelling about this
now is I can go into my navbar and
I can say import colors
from ./colors,okay?
Instead of saying #333 right here,
I can delete that and say $,
>> Brian Holt: Okay?
So keep in mind this is still
a template literal, right?
So I can use the dollar sign curly
braces to insert java script expressions
into my CSS.
Magic, [LAUGH] pretty cool, right?
So I go over here, everything
should look exactly the same but
if I come over to my colors and say you
know what, this wasn't a good dark.
Now I want dark to be, I don't know, 666,
that's probably a bad one, [LAUGH] 777.
Look, it got a lot lighter, right?
So I change in one place and
you can imagine this can spread
throughout the entire application.
I have no idea why I chose 666.
Well, it's a good color of gray.
[LAUGH] Whatever.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so that's one thing.
You can centralize all your
variables into one place,
and then you can modify project-wide.
And not only that, you can do things
like vertical rhythm, z-index scaling,
all of these advanced kind of CSS design
system ideas that designers think about.
You can kinda encapsulate your style
guide inside these JavaScript objects.
Furthermore, I can pull in libraries
that will do lightened and
darkened and all these kind of
advanced color manipulations or
vertical rhythm libraries and
stuff like that.
They can pull that in and
use that inside your JavaScript so
that's why I'm a big fan of emotion.
I think this is really compelling stuff.
>> Brian Holt: So
let's even take this another step further.
What happens if I wanted to style Link?
Well that's different, right,
that's not header, right?
Header was just a string
that I passed in there, so
how do I style one of these links?
Well, let's do that,
const NavLink = styled,
and I just pass it in Link, right?
And it'll figure out how
to style it on it's own.
And then on that,
I wanna have it do it on hover, so
I just say & hover,
>> Brian Holt: text-decoration,
>> Brian Holt: underline.
>> Brian Holt: So this
& refers to whatever is in here, right?
So on link hover, do this.
And now I just change these two links.
>> Brian Holt: So I'll just do
all four of them at once and say NavLink.
>> Brian Holt: So
this one, that one, that one, and that
one, I changed those from link to NavLink.
Save that, and now if I go over to
my library, if I cursor over it,
it's now it's a NavLink.
>> Brian Holt: That's pretty cool,
right?
>> Brian Holt: So
that's how you do things like hover.
You can do nested selectors,
all those kind of things.
So if I wanted to say, I only wanna
target the spans inside of this, right?
Cuz this one doesn't have a span,
but this one does.
So I would say span, and
I want the color on this to be pink or
something like that, I don't know.
So now if I refresh it,
notice that the color, that should.
It's still overriding to be this one,
because that's actually the link above it.
But could I do,
>> Brian Holt: Go
on display inline-block and
border 1px solid red,
or something like that.
So notice that this one has a solid
red box, but this one doesn't, right?
So I can actually target things inside
of it as well and scope that to this.
This is isn't going to affect
every spin on the page,
this is only going to affect
spans inside of NavLink, right?
So you can also do that nesting.
What I'm trying to say is pretty much
anything you can with do LESS or Sass,
right, can be accomplished here as well,
more or less, yeah.